# ðŸ¤ 1:1s

There are two kinds of 1:1s - formal and casual. Casual 1:1s can be with anyone in the company and have a variety of purposes. Formal 1:1s are **a synchronous meeting with asynchronous notes** between a manager and a direct report. This document describes the latter.

## Format

1:1 have 4 sections. Each section should be recorded in a document with notes **in advance** of the meeting. This document should be attached to the calendar invite for the 1:1 so that it can be easily found.

### Objective

**A brief statement about responsibilities**. Being clear about responsibilities is better than not. Most weeks, the objective will be the same. Objectives can change when the company needs to switch directions, when a role changes, or when enough progress is made that we need a new one. New objectives appear as issues first (see below).

### Updates

One to three points covering **progress on objective**. Sometimes updates require discussion but it should usually be brief. Added by the report.

### Issues

This section is structured in the format of **problem/suggested solution**. Problems can be ideas for process improvement, things that are flat out broken, career related. The point of writing issues out this way is to help us make clear decisions quickly. These can be added be either party.

### Topics&#x20;

An agenda. Most of the conversation should happen here. These will vary week to week and be added by either party.

## Timing

* 1:1s should be scheduled and you should keep the commitment >= 80% of the time
* 1:1s should be regular
* 1:1s should be at least 30 minutes in length
